README.md, before:


# MySQLEmployeeTracker



# Table of Contents
1. Description
2. Installation
3. Usage
4. License
5. Test
6. Contributors
7. Questions
## Description
An application built to help small businesses keep track of exsisting and new employees using an SQL datbase and node.js packages. 
## Installation
Download the repo run employees_DB.SQL in your work bench then in your command line run npm install then finally run node server.js in the command line to execute the program.
## Usage
This application will be used for a family run business and offer employee management solution for businesses.
## License
## [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
## Test
no test is required.
## Contributors
I contributed to this project with some tips of w3schools.
## Questions
no questions but feel free to contribute.
## genius-pending | shivey_khangura@hotmail.com
## ![img](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/67982777?v=4)

![](https://github.com/genius-pending/MySqlEmployeeTracker/blob/main/screenshot.png)

Commit message:

added instructions for .env file

README.md, after:


# MySQLEmployeeTracker



# Table of Contents
1. Description
2. Installation
3. Usage
4. License
5. Test
6. Contributors
7. Questions
## Description
An application built to help small businesses keep track of exsisting and new employees using an SQL datbase and node.js packages. 
## Installation
Download the repo run employees_DB.SQL in your sql work bench then in your command line run npm install then finally run node server.js in the command line to execute the program.
The user will also have to create an .env file in their local folder you can copy and paste in the below and change the values as needed for access to the database:
  HOST = localhost
    DB_PORT = 3306
    DB_USERNAME = ""
    DB_PASSWORD = ""
    DATABASE = employees_db
## Usage
This application will be used for a family run business and offer employee management solution for businesses.
## License
## [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
## Test
no test is required.
## Contributors
I contributed to this project with some tips of w3schools.
## Questions
no questions but feel free to contribute.
## genius-pending | shivey_khangura@hotmail.com
## ![img](https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/67982777?v=4)

![](https://github.com/genius-pending/MySqlEmployeeTracker/blob/main/screenshot.png)
